# Hack-a-thing 1 | Zeke Baker

For my Hack-a-thing 1, I chose to get some exposure to Unreal and C++. Over break, I bought a [Udemy course](https://www.udemy.com/course/unrealcourse/ "Unreal Engine C++ Developer: Learn C++ and Make Video Games"), and so I just started at the beginning. For the most part, I'd say it probably wasn't the best choice for me level-wise (many lessons were extremely tedious and mundane for my coding knowledge), but the course was advertised as for "all levels," so I guess I made the wrong assumption. Nevertheless, what I've done so far has definitely helped show me a lot of the differences between C, C++ (what the course is in) and C# (what Unity, a program I'm familiar with, uses). Unreal also has a lot of its own, let's say, *proprietary* boiler-plate classes and libraries, which can be finicky to work with. There are also a fair amount of odd coding conventions used in Unreal that I'm personally not a big fan of. One thing that Unreal does have that I'm still interested in messing around with at some point is their ["Blueprint" system](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Engine/Blueprints/index.html "Blueprints Visual Scripting | Unreal Engine Documentation"), which is a graph-based editor, similar to the Shader Graph editor in Unity, only this can be used for a wider variety of things in Unreal.

In hindsight, [this demonstration](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rnjcjjh7scPO4cwJmiXlAwfHyO7hw9-z) of what I did probably would've been better suited for an unlisted YouTube video, but it took way too long for me to generate this for me not to use it.

I (with the help of the course tutorial) finished this implementation of the [Bulls and Cows game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulls_and_Cows "Bulls and Cows - Wikipedia") on an in-game virtual console. The computer randomly selects an isogram (a word with no repeating letters) between 4 and 8 letters from a list of 1000 random words, and the player has *n* chances to guess the correct *n*-letter word. A letter in the hidden word that's in the same spot in the guess is awarded a bull, and a letter in the hidden word in a different spot in the guess is awarded a cow. The first time playing, entries that aren't the right length are responded to with a warning, but after winning or losing once, these invalid entries result in the loss of a (digital) life.

There are more files to the project that are necessary for it to run, but the ones on this repo are those that I've participated in.